README.md, before:

# SLIIT FOSS Community Website

![Firebase CI/CD](https://github.com/sliit-foss/sliitfoss/workflows/Firebase%20CI/CD/badge.svg)

## Technology Stack

<img width="1436" alt="sliit-foss-tech" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37530024/120324529-5ea3a300-c304-11eb-9aac-3d258c67277b.png">

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/sliit-foss/sliitfoss/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=sliit-foss/sliitfoss" />
</a>

## Contribution Guide

1. Fork the repository

2. Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_USERNAME>/sliitfoss.git
```

3. Create Feature branch and checkout
   _Replace <BRANCH_NAME> with meaningful name. For an example navbar. See the guide for the more details [Link](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow)_

```
git checkout -b feature/<BRANCH_NAME>
```

4. Do your modifications

5. Stage Changes and commit

```
git add .
git commit -m "<Commit message>"
```

6. Push Changes

```
git push --set-upstream origin feature/<BRANCH_NAME>
```

7. Make a Pull Request.
   _See the guide for more
   details [Link](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)_

<br>

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.1.1

Commit message:

Added sample env file and updated readme

README.md, after:

# SLIIT FOSS Community Website

![Firebase CI/CD](https://github.com/sliit-foss/sliitfoss/workflows/Firebase%20CI/CD/badge.svg)

## Technology Stack

<img width="1436" alt="sliit-foss-tech" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37530024/120324529-5ea3a300-c304-11eb-9aac-3d258c67277b.png">

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/sliit-foss/sliitfoss/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=sliit-foss/sliitfoss" />
</a>

## Contribution Guide

1. Fork the repository

2. Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_USERNAME>/sliitfoss.git
```

3. Create Feature branch and checkout
   _Replace <BRANCH_NAME> with meaningful name. For an example navbar. See the guide for the more details [Link](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow)_

```
git checkout -b feature/<BRANCH_NAME>
```

5. Construct a .env file in the format of the provided .env.test file at the root with the required keys (You'll need a firebase account and email.js account to get the keys)

5. Do your modifications

6. Stage Changes and commit

```
git add .
git commit -m "<Commit message>"
```

7. Push Changes

```
git push --set-upstream origin feature/<BRANCH_NAME>
```

8. Make a Pull Request.
   _See the guide for more
   details [Link](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)_

<br>

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.1.1
